# Patrick Khoury | DGT HUM 110 Sem 1 | Sookie Cho | Fall 2022

## Topic of Interest: Sustainable Cities and Communities 


Young adults aged 25-35 usually don't have a lot of time on their hands due to their careers and recent financial independence. Despite this, recent studies show that the 20-29 age group utilizes social media the most with ages 30-39 being second. It is because of the aforementioned reasons why I believe that creating a platform primarily presented as a social media network would be effective in advertising the goal of sustainability in cities and communities, as well as the events and activities associated with it. Users would have a profile page and the option to follow their friends and others. The app could employ ads from various environmental awareness brands, which would help generate revenue. This would aid both the brands (who are in support of sustainability) and the app itself (which would donate portions of its revenue to sustainability practices). Allowing location while the app is in use may allow for the details of relevant environmental activities in the user's area to be shown, encouraging the target users to go out and participate with their friends. These events may include but are not limited to beach cleanups, planting trees/gardens, and making/distributing sustainable products. Gofundmes, petitions, and other non time-draining commitments will also be available on the app.

The power of social media is vast, and the target audience of young adults ages 25-35 with professional careers make up the majority of individuals utilizing social media. Most of these individuals actively seek activities and ways to be connected. Presenting the app as a social media platform incentivizes target users to be environmentally conscious, promotes activities and sustainable brands, allows for information to be presented to users, connects people who are existing or potential friends, and so much more.

